Cookie Policy
Effective date: September 19, 2025

Last updated: October 06, 2025

 
What are cookies?
This Cookie Policy explains what cookies are, how we use them, the types of cookies we use (i.e., the information we collect using cookies and how that information is used), and how to manage your cookie settings.

Cookies are small text files used to store small pieces of information. They are stored on your device when a website loads in your browser. These cookies help ensure that the website functions properly, enhance security, provide a better user experience, and analyse performance to identify what works and where improvements are needed.

 
How do we use cookies?
Like most online services, our website uses both first-party and third-party cookies for various purposes. First-party cookies are primarily necessary for the website to function properly and do not collect any personally identifiable data.

The third-party cookies used on our website primarily help us understand how the website performs, track how you interact with it, keep our services secure, deliver relevant advertisements, and enhance your overall user experience while improving the speed of your future interactions with our website.

 
Types of cookies we use
Necessary

Necessary cookies are required to enable the basic features of this site, such as providing secure log-in or adjusting your consent preferences. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable data.

Cookie	Duration	Description
currency	session	This cookie is used to store the currency preference of the user.
_sh_session_	session	Description is currently not available.
loccur	session	Description is currently not available.
country_code	session	No description available.
b_locale	session	Description is currently not available.
checkout_currency	session	Description is currently not available.
Functional

Functional cookies help perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collecting feedback, and other third-party features.

Cookie	Duration	Description
locale	session	Facebook sets this cookie to enhance the user's browsing experience on the website, and to provide the user with relevant advertising while using Facebook’s social media platforms.
Analytics

Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics such as the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.

Cookie	Duration	Description
_ga	1 year 1 month 4 days	Google Analytics sets this cookie to calculate visitor, session and campaign data and track site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookie stores information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to recognise unique visitors.
_ga_*	1 year 1 month 4 days	Google Analytics sets this cookie to store and count page views.
_gid	1 day	Google Analytics sets this cookie to store information on how visitors use a website while also creating an analytics report of the website's performance. Some of the collected data includes the number of visitors, their source, and the pages they visit anonymously.
_gat_UA-*	1 minute	Google Analytics sets this cookie for user behaviour tracking.
pardot	past	The pardot cookie is set while the visitor is logged in as a Pardot user. The cookie indicates an active session and is not used for tracking.
Advertisement

Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with customised advertisements based on the pages you visited previously and to analyse the effectiveness of the ad campaigns.

Cookie	Duration	Description
_gcl_au	3 months	Google Tag Manager sets this cookie to experiment advertisement efficiency of websites using their services.
test_cookie	15 minutes	doubleclick.net sets this cookie to determine if the user's browser supports cookies.
_fbp	3 months	Facebook sets this cookie to store and track interactions.
IDE	1 year 24 days	Google DoubleClick IDE cookies store information about how the user uses the website to present them with relevant ads according to the user profile.
 
Manage cookie preferences
Consent Preferences

You can modify your cookie settings anytime by clicking the 'Consent Preferences' button above. This will allow you to revisit the cookie consent banner and update your preferences or withdraw your consent immediately.

Additionally, different browsers offer various methods to block and delete cookies used by websites. You can adjust your browser settings to block or delete cookies. Below are links to support documents on how to manage and delete cookies in major web browsers.

Chrome: https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/32050

Safari: https://support.apple.com/en-in/guide/safari/sfri11471/mac

Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/clear-cookies-and-site-data-firefox?redirectslug=delete-cookies-remove-info-websites-stored&redirectlocale=en-US

Internet Explorer: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/topic/how-to-delete-cookie-files-in-internet-explorer-bca9446f-d873-78de-77ba-d42645fa52fc

If you are using a different web browser, please refer to its official support documentation.

